h1. Qookery: Declarative UI Building for Qooxdoo

h2(#about). About

The Qookery library helps "Qooxdoo":http://qooxdoo.org/ programmers declare and run user interfaces through an easy to master XML language.

This project is a spinoff of "WAFFLE", the client-side web application framework used within Ergobyte for its cloud products.

It is currently under heavy development; code and APIs may change frequently.

h2(#demo). Live Demo

You can discover Qookery and experiment with its features by visiting its interactive live demo

* "Qookery Demo and Playground":http://www.qookery.org/content/waffle/qookerydemo/index.html

h2(#examples). Real-life Examples

Below rich Internet applications are using Qookery for their UI needs almost exclusively. All interface elements, from the browser's window up, are assembled and laid out declaratively via Qookery forms. 

* "Ergobyte Electronic Services":https://www.ergobyte.net/ - Ergobyte customer account management interface
* "Γαληνός Office":https://office.galinos.gr/ - Full featured medical practice management system by Ergobyte, providing patient management, appointment scheduling, customizable health records, document management, reporting etc.

You may study their forms' XML source code by firing up your browser's developer tools and track network requests as you use the applications.

h2(#tutorials). Tutorials

A short introductory tutorial is available:

* "Getting Started with Qookery":http://www.qookery.org/portal/qookery/en/getting-started

h2(#documentation). Documentation

The documentation is generated from class files and is under construction. 

* "API Documentation":http://www.qookery.org/content/waffle/qookeryapi/index.html

You might want to have a look at the XML schemata, which are the normative reference of the language:

* "Main Schema":https://github.com/ergobyte/qookery/blob/master/qookery/docs/form.xsd
* "Extension: Ajax.org Cloud9 Editor (ACE)":https://github.com/ergobyte/qookery/blob/master/qookeryace/docs/form-ace.xsd
* "Extension: CKeditor":https://github.com/ergobyte/qookery/blob/master/qookeryrichtext/docs/form-richtext.xsd
* "Extension: FullCalendar.io":https://github.com/ergobyte/qookery/blob/master/qookerycalendar/docs/form-calendar.xsd
* "Extension: Google Maps":https://github.com/ergobyte/qookery/blob/master/qookerymaps/docs/form-maps.xsd

h2(#group). Discussion Group

A discussion group is available here:

* "Discussion Group":http://groups.google.com/forum/?fromgroups#!forum/qookery

h2(#source). Source Code

The project's source code is hosted on GitHub

* "Source Code":https://github.com/ergobyte/qookery
* "Issue Tracker":https://github.com/ergobyte/qookery/issues

h2(#license). License

Qookery is licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0.

h2(#contact). Contact

For requests and comments, please contact the project's contributors:

* "George Nikolaidis":https://github.com/gnikolaidis - gnikolaidis@ergobyte.gr
* "Joseph Karras":https://github.com/joskar - jkarr@ergobyte.gr

h2(#links). See also

* Qookery Home - "www.qookery.org":http://www.qookery.org/
* Ergobyte Informatics S.A. - "www.ergobyte.gr":https://www.ergobyte.gr/portal/ergobyte/en/home
